you see that people have no idea
it's more than they do not even know that there's
be or comparsa but sometimes I say
yes I have to share that yes
where what is done is clear
not the truth that they have no idea yes
it's good how you lived this
first weekend on Saturday more
On Sunday morning, the
subject of the sun the wait of imagine that the
Wait is what lowers your adrenaline
natural when you have to do something is
like you iron with little distinction
and a little the truth that if one is
tired it was cold but the truth that
then what gives you the strength of the
people fanaticism how it supports you
encourages at all times and soft and water
that there were creatures and they were all
encouraging and that's the truth that I
He really wanted to dance
well you saw like I do not know if you
you saw in the movie dance good I am
very criticized me all the time always
I'm always
evaluating all the time and trying to
always improve for me I always have
to improve something always always good
you come with all the scrolls all the
world says an aldana is one of the
great candidates this the truth that
dance very well what things you lack
here you think to adjust and is able to be
a little more sympathetic can be serious
but I do not know I think it's a matter of
concentration
I try to concentrate on being able to continue
enduring that not many are 10
minutes that we have to be there and
I want more or less will not reach the end
from tired I always try to save a
little energy for the end to finish
always blue not and that I try too
to control a little
for example what happened on Wednesday
is half and with fear was that the
scenario I had not seen it there was a
wood then already moved all the time
it was full of feathers stones and it was
like the whole guy was looking at the
floor so as not to fall down let's say and it was like that
I had a little space if out there
clashed with Victor or the girls
and out there I got a little misplaced but
good for the next one for sure
well the floor will continue like this
if out there that felt like losing the
balance out there and the movements by
I say that I should have marked more
cuts and that but at the same time I could not
because I was afraid of falling or losing the
Balance
well I saw the one on Sunday I saw you from
close and affirmations on my channel in
youtube in this visit all the
videos of the day of the first of the first
night note that he looked a lot goes out to the
samba school I do not know if you feel happened
what I was looking at all the time is for a
theme of I do not know how I'm dancing
with them I am sharing with that and
it's like I look at them because apart
we stop in good vibes
the truth that divines the girls the
boys, víctor rosso, that's why it's like
I dance and here I am sharing my
dance with them because we are a group
good as as cavani suárez or as you
the insertion in the carnival of
current already with all the essays
this first weekend here is
speak and here we talk about the morning
early until the carnival night and it's
what you like what you do not like is the
discussion at the cane post was
samba school was just nativity
Fernández cooks also that was 2011
Andrea Torres also good is very from
a lot of exposure you're going to keep at
margin you will get involved in the
discuss to see what they say have the
true that I 'm not interested in that
because it will always be in those who go
to speak badly well and the truth that no no
I'm not interested I always listen to
constructive criticism the rest I do not
interesting because there's always going to be
people who speak for other let's say and what
only that I care about myself for
improve day by day to grow as
dancer and not to fail my comparsa
and make it look good and win good
surprised your choice I remember in the
and in the riverbank complex I do not know in what month
in August you did not decide to introduce yourself was
something that you had thought how it was for
stand for those elections and if the
I really wanted to introduce myself and then
I felt like I was a bit hungry
because the truth that a post
important that you have to have a lot
responsibility and it's not that you do not have it
but that there was in another let's say
with other competences also and as
that he had many things in his head and
that water and apart will go as well
I did not have much that was going to stay and we're going
for being of resistance recently that
I entered the comparsa and as if
I had a lot of February but one day before
well they asked me to present and good
I said if I'm going to try just in case and
this morning I heard good with gavin
zevallos we hear the cuts a little
we put something together and that's it with a
morning
Obviously you feel very loose very
natural i am fake dancer how how
Rate this from
after dancing in front of a
samba school
it's easy for me it's a challenge
question of challenge as a dancer
It serves me a lot as an experience for me
and we go and if the truth that I am
I'm always very calm because I
10 years ago that already danced and that I am
dancer there everything
confidence to me I did not lack yes for that
that is, you are still rehearsing and you already
you are preparing and I said that always
not really but I said yes because you
we're going to kill and I think we 're not going anymore and
I'm rehearsing and the suit already
I have a lie they did not have is the cream with
this is nothing but wait because
I'm sure that's it
I like to improvise too
yes I out there when I have a
choreography out there I get nervous
because if I forgot a little step and I
it hurts everything and xavi faces like that is not there
and I love to improvise I like
to do shows I do all the ends
weeks I have I do at parties let's say
I do not dance Arabic I dance everything and I already
I'm used to being among the
people and do I just like it then
out there improvised and depends on my state
of mind let's say of the people also that
the people out there give you a lot of encouragement
I send you my best regards
the rose says that greeting aldana destroys
the avenue at its good step the chubby
this driver from good mornings from 9 to
10 am precisely channel
cablevisión live with towers target
let's see if we can bring it tomorrow or
whenever you want in sex activities